NETFLIX 10-K (Fiscal Year 2025) — ITEM 1: BUSINESS

ABOUT US
Netflix, Inc. is one of the world's leading entertainment services offering TV series, films, games and live programming across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can play, pause and resume watching as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, and can change their plans at any time.

Our core strategy is to grow our business globally within the parameters of our operating margin target. We strive to continuously improve our members' experience by offering compelling content that delights them and attracts new members. We aim to offer a range of pricing plans, including our ad-supported subscription plan, to meet a variety of consumer needs. We seek to drive conversation around our content to further enhance member joy, and we are continuously enhancing our user interface to help our members more easily choose content that they will find enjoyable.

BUSINESS SEGMENTS
We operate as one operating segment. Our revenues are primarily derived from monthly membership fees for services related to streaming content to our members.

COMPETITION
The market for entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. We compete with a broad set of activities for consumers' leisure time, including other entertainment video providers, such as linear television, streaming entertainment providers (including those that provide pirated content), video gaming providers, open content platform providers, which provide access to user-generated and professionally produced content, as well as more broadly against other sources of entertainment, such as social media, that our members could choose in their moments of free time. We also compete against entertainment video providers and content producers in obtaining content for our service, both for licensed content and for original content projects.

While consumers may maintain simultaneous relationships with multiple entertainment sources, we strive for consumers to choose us in their moments of free time. We have often referred to this choice as our objective of "winning moments of truth." In attempting to win these moments of truth with our members, we seek to continually improve our service, including both our technology and our content offerings.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technologies and similar intellectual property as important to our success. We use a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property. Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers and other rights holders licensing rights, including distribution rights, to such content.

REGULATION
The media landscape and the internet delivery of content have seen growing regulatory action. Historically, media has been highly regulated in many countries. We are seeing some of these legacy regulatory frameworks be updated and expanded to address services like ours. In particular, some countries are updating their cultural support legislation to include services like Netflix. This includes investment obligations, levies, and content catalog quotas. Some even restrict the extent of ownership rights we can have both in our service and in our content. In certain countries, regulators are also looking at restrictions that could require formal reviews of and/or adjustments to content that appears on our service in their country.

HUMAN CAPITAL
As of December 31, 2025, Netflix had approximately 16,000 full-time employees. Of these, approximately 10,900 (68%) were located in the United States and Canada, 2,500 (16%) in Europe, Middle East, and Africa, 1,900 (12%) in Asia-Pacific and 700 (4%) in Latin America. Netflix also has a number of employees engaged in content production, some of whom are part-time or temporary, and whose numbers fluctuate throughout the year and may be covered by collective bargaining agreements.

An important component of Netflix's success is the company culture as detailed in the "Netflix Culture Memo", which was updated in 2024. The culture is focused on excellence and creating an environment where talented people can thrive. Netflix aims generally to pay employees at their personal top of market, and employees generally are able to choose the form of their compensation between cash and stock options. Netflix conducts pay equity analyses at least annually. In the U.S., employees generally receive an annual cash health benefit allowance that they may allocate to medical, dental and vision premiums.
