NETFLIX 10-K (Fiscal Year 2025) — ITEM 1A: RISK FACTORS (KEY EXCERPTS)

MEMBER ATTRACTION AND RETENTION
If our efforts to attract and retain members are not successful, our business will be adversely affected. We must continually add new members both to replace canceled memberships and to grow our business beyond our current membership base. Members cancel our service for many reasons, including a perception that they do not use the service sufficiently, that they need to cut household expenses, dissatisfaction with content, including any advertisements that may appear on our service, a preference for competitive services and customer service issues that they believe are not satisfactorily resolved. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including as a result of inflation, may also adversely impact our ability to attract and retain members. Our content costs are largely fixed in nature, so if we do not grow as expected we may not be able to adjust our expenditures commensurate with the lowered growth rate.

COMPETITION
The market for entertainment video is intensely competitive. We face competition from traditional providers of entertainment video, including broadcasters and cable network operators, as well as internet based e-commerce or entertainment video providers and platforms. Several of these competitors have long operating histories, large customer bases, strong brand recognition, exclusive rights to certain content, large content libraries, and significant financial, marketing and other resources. New technological developments, including the development and use of generative AI, are rapidly evolving. If our competitors gain an advantage by using such technologies more effectively to satisfy consumer demand, our ability to compete successfully and our results of operations could be adversely impacted. Piracy also threatens to damage our business, as its fundamental proposition to consumers is so compelling and difficult to compete against: virtually all content for free.

CONTENT LIABILITY AND PRODUCTION RISK
As a producer and distributor of content, we face potential liability for negligence, copyright and trademark infringement, or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute. As a content producer, we are responsible for production costs and other expenses, such as ongoing guild payments, and take on risks associated with production, such as completion and key talent risk. Negotiations or renewals related to entertainment industry collective bargaining agreements have, and in the future could, negatively impact timing and costs associated with our productions.

ADVERTISING BUSINESS RISK
We have limited experience and operating history offering advertising on our service, and our advertising revenue may not grow as we expect. Our ability to generate advertising revenue depends on factors including our ability to attract and retain advertisers, fluctuations in membership plan mix and member engagement, the quantity or quality of ads shown to our members, our ability to compete effectively for advertising spend, and regulatory, legislative and industry developments relating to the collection and use of information.

PAYMENT PROCESSING RISK
Our members pay for our service using a variety of different payment methods, including credit and debit cards, gift cards, prepaid cards, direct debit, online wallets and direct carrier and partner billing. To the extent there are increases in payment processing fees, material changes in the payment ecosystem, delays in receiving payments from payment processors, or disruptions or failures in our payment processing systems, our revenue, operating expenses and results of operations could be adversely impacted. The termination of our ability to process payments on any major payment method would significantly impair our ability to operate our business.

RELIANCE ON AMAZON WEB SERVICES
Amazon Web Services (AWS) provides a distributed computing infrastructure platform for business operations. We have architected our software and computer systems to utilize data processing, storage capabilities and other services provided by AWS. Currently, we run the vast majority of our computing on AWS. We cannot easily switch our AWS operations to another cloud provider, so any commercial disputes related to, disruption of or interference with our use of AWS would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted. While the retail side of Amazon competes with us, we do not believe that Amazon will use the AWS operation in a manner to gain competitive advantage against our service.

INDEBTEDNESS
As of December 31, 2025, Netflix had the equivalent of $14.5 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes outstanding, some of which is denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Netflix has also entered into a revolving credit agreement that provides for a $3 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, under which no amounts have been borrowed as of December 31, 2025. Netflix had approximately $5.7 billion of total content liabilities as reflected on the consolidated balance sheet.

WBD TRANSACTION RISK
In connection with the transaction with Warner Bros. Discovery (WBD) to acquire WBD's streaming and studios businesses, including its film and television studios, HBO Max and HBO, Netflix expects to incur and/or assume a substantial amount of additional indebtedness. Netflix has obtained commitments from financing sources to provide up to a $42.2 billion senior unsecured bridge term loan facility, and has entered into a $5 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility and a $20 billion senior unsecured delayed draw term loan facility. If any of the conditions to the WBD transaction are not satisfied, it could delay or prevent the transaction, which could result in Netflix's obligation to pay a $5.8 billion termination fee in certain specified circumstances.

LABOR DISPUTES
The major U.S. guild collective bargaining agreements to which the Company is a signatory each expire in 2026, with the Writers Guild of America (WGA) agreement expiring on May 1, 2026, and the Screen Actors Guild (SAG-AFTRA) and Directors Guild of America (DGA) agreements both expiring on June 30, 2026. If expiring collective bargaining agreements cannot be renewed, affected unions could take action in the form of strikes or work stoppages, which have resulted, and may in the future result, in halted productions and delays in providing new content to members.
